This is a sample application for thing-if SDK.

## Build

When you build this sample application for the first time, you need to
retrieve some modules required by thing-if SDK. You can find the
way to retrieve these modules in ../README.mkd.

After that, execute following command:

```sh
# make
```

This makes exampleapp.

If you want to build exampleapp with debug mode. Execute following
command:

```sh
# make DEBUG=1
```

In debug mode, All HTTP requests and responses are logged.

## How to use
Go to https://developer.kii.com and create app for you.
replace EX_APP_ID, EX_APP_KEY, EX_APP_SITE with yours.

Execute folloging command on a terminal. Hereafter This terminal
called termianl A.

```sh
# ./exampleapp onboard --vendor-thing-id={vendor-thing-id} --password={password}
```

After succeeded, go to https://developer.kii.com and check Thing Console.
There should be a thing created with specified vendor thing ID in the command above.
Please note thing id displayed here.

After that, open another terminal, and execute following command in
the another terminal. Hereafter This terminal called termianl B.
```sh
cd script
```
Please open README.mkd and follow the instruciton of Setup section.
After the setup, execute
```sh
sh script/smart-light-command-post.sh
```

This script posts new command entry to server. exampleapp receives the
command entry and show followings on the terminal A.

```sh
schema=SmartLightDemo, schema_version=1, action name=turnPower, action params={"power":true}
schema=SmartLightDemo, schema_version=1, action name=setBrightness, action params={"brightness":3000}
schema=SmartLightDemo, schema_version=1, action name=setColor, action params={"color":[0,128,255]}
schema=SmartLightDemo, schema_version=1, action name=setColorTemperature, action params={"colorTemperature":-100}
```

If you want to check command state, you can use `script/smart-light-command-get.sh`.

```sh
sh script/smart-light-get.sh {COMMAND_ID}
```

{COMMAND_ID} can be found response of `script/smart-light-post.sh`.

## Thing state file.

This sample application sends thing state every 60 seconds. The
sending thing state is described in `smartlight-state.json`. Content
of this file is send to server. If you want to change thing state to
server, You can edit this file.

If `smartlight-state.json` does not exist, exampleapp sends last
received command contents as thing state.

If you want to change period of sending thing state to server, you can
edit `EX_STATE_UPDATE_PERIOD` in `example.h`.
